COMOPT-2142: Document default alphabetical ordering for searchCategory results (#343)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/optimizer/merchandising-services/categories-storefront-implementation.md

Pass the `slugs` parameter to `categoryTree` to fetch only the branches you need rather than the entire tree.

### searchCategory result ordering

> `searchCategory` returns matching categories sorted alphabetically (A–Z, case-insensitive) by `name`. There is no sort argument; this is the default behavior and the API contract is unchanged.

Author: ```suggestion
`searchCategory` returns matching categories sorted alphabetically (A–Z, case-insensitive) by `name`. There is no sort argument; this is the default behavior.
```

> Shorter category names often sort before longer names that share the same prefix. For example, `Food` appears before `Food - Baby Food`, which helps typeahead and picker UIs that show only the first page of results surface top-level categories before deeply nested matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Categories with shorter names usually sort before longer names that share the same prefix. For example, `Food` appears before `Food - Baby Food`. In typeahead and category pickers that show only the first page of results, parent categories are more likely to appear before longer, nested paths.
```
